# Portfolio / Blog

This is an ideal opportunity to leverage AI towards the functioning design as well. The initial setup stages will be focused on basical styling and functionality. The second stage will be focused on implementing designs generated by AI. The final stages will be content creation & curation, getting the site live, and optimizing for lighthouse results.

Still undecided on testing / linting rules but that will come with time.

The project is built using SvelteKit and Contentful.

## Features

- Fetch data from the Contentful GraphQL API
- Create dynamic routes
- Utilize the Svelte component lifecycle
- Handle contact form submissions and create entries in Contentful

# Getting Started

```bash
npm install
npm run setup
npm run dev
```

# Building
```bash
npm run build
```

Preview the production build with `npm run preview`. 

# Migrating Environments in Contentful
In order to run migration commands, you will need the Contentful CLI. This will give you access to two commands in particular: `contentful space export` and `contentful space import`. You must first export the data from a given Environment before it is imported into another. The data is exported into a json file which you then must import to a target environment.

### Step 1. Prerequisites

Ensure you have the latest Node.js release.

### Step 2. Installation
```bash
npm install -g contentful-cli
```

### Step 3. Authentication
After installing the CLI, the user needs to authenticate with Contentful. This is done by logging in using a Contentful management API token. Ours can be found in .env.
```bash
contentful login --management-token YOUR_CONTENT_MANAGEMENT_TOKEN
```

### Example Export

```bash
contentful space export --space-id 'qhzqj9nbcut3' --environment-id 'master' --management-token 'CFPAT-ryhsB5kmms2HjNY-hIkMyRo2Yv1YsjoMxA-mPw95P-0'
```

### Example Import

```bash
contentful space import --space-id 'qhzqj9nbcut3' --environment-id 'dev' --management-token 'CFPAT-ryhsB5kmms2HjNY-hIkMyRo2Yv1YsjoMxA-mPw95P-0' --content-file 'path_to_your_exported_file'
```